what is the benfit of java script when we use it  with the html ?
 java script make the page more intractive  by accessing and modifed the content when we  are browsing it on the browser 
 and we can modify tyhe content  and add  elents and attrbuite  to the page 
 we use the java script to respond and intract with the user for example when a button is  clicked  or when you move the cursor or check on it aND Take you to anther site  or 
 filling a form 
  so we have some exaples for who to use java script one of them that  Forms 
  forms have   to be filled so we use java script to help u filling it and thier is 4 process  
  1-react: the user react with the page when the user press the submit button 
  2-access: we can get the vaule we ennterd from the field.
   3-program:v we check if the answers that the user entered is correct  and match with  our ruls of the forms.
   4-modify: that you can change the value  that you entered in the fileds if it didnt match the rule filed.
   what is  a script ?
   a script is a  series of instraction that  the comuter  do it to acomplish a misson or a task .
   so making a code of java script and doing it is like using a manual for your mobile phone that their is a lot of stuation and instraction but you only do and test the one you need a sub intraction for the part that  had been broken so we dont do the whole instration in the book but we do what we need 
   and we must fallow it step by step to get the right resault 
   how to wrtie a script ?
   when we want to write a script we have to  defined the goal and then list the steps that we have to do it to acomplish it 
    and then covert it to code  
    each task we devided into many  steps and then we will translate the steps into code line by line 
    their is some rules for naming varubales ?.
    
    1- the name must start with a letter or a dollor sign or underscore and it mustnt start with a number 
    2-The name can contain letters,numbers, dollar sign ($), or aunderscore (_).
    Note that youmust not use a dash(-) or aperiod (.) in a variable name.
   3-You cannot use keywords or reserved words. Keywords are special words that tell the interpreter to do something. 
   4- the varubales are ase senstive so that var A is defrrient from var A
   
  5- we have to use a name that it descrioe the varuable so it will be easy to understand the code 
  
  arrays :
  An array is a special type of variable. It doesn't just store one value; it stores a list of values.
  we use the array when are listing a lists of values 
  
  we  c an decaler A VARBALE by typing var then the naME   OF  funcTION FLLOWED OF PRANTCES AND CARLY BRACKET THEN WE PUT THE  FUNCATION BODY AND RETURN AND close the function and we can call it  by wrtyiing the name of the funcation fllowed of prantcess >
  funcation constits of  a series of statement  that have been grouped togather to proframe a spific task
  
